Added links from readme to docs and from docs to github (#196)
aiplan4eu/unified-planning: docs/index.rst

Check out our :ref:`Getting Started Guide <getting-started>` and the full :ref:`API Reference <api-ref>`.

> Github page of the project available :ref:`here<https://unified-planning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github page of the project available :ref:`here<https://github.com/aiplan4eu/unified-planning>`.
```
